The emperors of the Second Ly family
A generation of legends.
Established the Bailu International financial oligarchy
As the undisputed leader of the elephant business world.
Today the nations here implore Mr. Li to a high office.
Wearing a white coat of white deer army achievements
Wu Zhou's tomb begged Li to take the throne.
Achievement of reinforcements
Zhang Qizhou implored Li to a high position
White crane army knife institute
Now in front of my building is a hundred million surnames Wang.
Three thousand miles of Bac Gang Lagoon
Let my building borders give me golden soup
Prince Li became the White Army.
It can be called Song Long.
That's why people are in my building.
Can be sure not to worry.
Yes, the king of Quang Lang district and the White Loc Nguyen army are sister brothers.
The friendship between the two cousins.
It might be called my summer story.
Haha, that's okay.
Juanjuan, what are you looking at?
I heard that the border is dangerous this time.
I don't know if I'll be back in time today.
If there were no white deer today,
Full of regret
Don't worry, King Quang Lang.
Since he received the invitation.
I will definitely be back in time.
Please Wei Yuan Quan wear white robes.
Shoot King Quang Minh
My brother's here.